Add add ruby-1-a (#57)
exercism/research_experiment_1: exercises/ruby-1-a/README.md

## Instructions

> Your task is to define a ShoppingCart that can receive a hash of items and has two methods: `total_amount` and `items_list`. The method `total_amount` will return the sum of all the items’ prices. The method `list` will return a string with the name of the items separated by commas.

Reviewer: Describe the "hash of items" to include the key and value expected.  I am not sure the user will see the test material to get that hint.  Hopefully we aren't taunting them with less than the needed knowledge required up front.

> Your task is to define a ShoppingCart that can receive a hash of items and has two methods: `total_amount` and `items_list`. The method `total_amount` will return the sum of all the items’ prices. The method `list` will return a string with the name of the items separated by commas.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:

```suggestion
Your task is to define a `ShoppingCart` class that can receive a hash of items and has two methods: `total_amount` and `items_list`. The method `total_amount` will return the sum of all the items’ prices. The method `list` will return a string with the name of the items separated by commas.
```

> Your task is to define a `ShoppingCart` class that can receive a hash of items where the key is the name of the item and the value the price of the item, see the example below. The `ShoppingCart` class will also have two methods: `total_amount` and `items_list`. The method `total_amount` will return the sum of all the items’ prices. The method `list` will return a string with the name of the items separated by commas.

Reviewer 3: Could we add a little overview before digging into the technical spec?

Something like:

> Your task is to develop a shopping cart, which can contain items and calculate total cart price. This will be modelled as `ShoppingCart` class...

Reviewer 3: >  The method `list` 

Should this be `items_list`?

Author: Thanks for your feedback. I added a small overview and fixed the method name

For example:

```ruby

> shopping_cart = ShoppingCart.new({ potatoes: 10.00, bananas: 30.00 })

Reviewer: This covers that comment made with a code comment, but we should repeat it in code, making the initial declaration in words as we do "items".

shopping_cart.total_amount
// Returns: 40

shopping_cart.items_list
// Returns: "potatoes, bananas"
```

> **Note:** You can use debug("some test") to output debugging information for yourself.

Reviewer 2: Any particular reason not to use backticks around the debug code?

Author: No, I'm not sure why I removed them, probably copy & paste from the wrong place

## Instructions

Your task is to define a shopping cart for a corner shop. The cart should keep track of the list of items added, and correctly calculate the price.

Items are added to the basket using stock-keeping unit (SKU) codes. The items in the shop are:

| Name      | Price | SKU    |
|-----------|-------|--------|
| Potatoes  | 10    | D69856 |
| Rice      | 30    | F55690 |
| Cofee     | 14.99 | C662F6 |

> | Newspaper | 2.99  | B48C0D |

Reviewer: If possible define the SKU with a prefix code that might make sense.  If I want all staples, or all media, perhaps I can gather all available products that start with S or M.  It mirrors internal sku usage (at least for our jewelry company) so that we can compare items to the customer as well "You viewed this, you may be interested in these!" type of an ability.  At the moment, at least to me, the SKU doesn't seem to make sense.

Author: I guess at the moment it's only an identifier something like an UUID. I think we can add the prefix it's not going to do any harm and it can open some possibilities for extensions.

Author: I updated the SKUs so now they follow the convention `[3 chars from product type][3 chars from the product name]`

Reviewer 3: It was `hex(3).upcase` :)

You need to define a `ShoppingCart` class, with three public methods:

> - `add`: Takes an SKU, and adds it to the cart

Author: 👍 I added the punctuation fixes to the last commit

- `total_amount`: The value of the items in the cart as a number with two decimal places (e.g. 3.99).

> - `items_list`: A list of the names of the items in the cart, separated by commas.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `items_list`: A list of the names of the items in the cart, ordered alphabetically, separated by a comma and a space.
```

For example:

```ruby
shopping_cart = ShoppingCart.new

> shopping_cart.add(D69856)

Reviewer 2: I think this needs to be updated too.

> shopping_cart.add(F55690)

Reviewer 2: I think this needs to be updated too.
